Article 1:
Title: Title not found
Content: Content not found
Date: Date not found

Article 2:
Title: Asian Games: Every medal inspires, so will this equestrian gold, but the sport calls for accessibility
Content: HANGZHOU: Nothing can beat the effort that the Indian dressage team conjured up on Tuesday. Quietly, performing ballet on horseback, almost 100 kilometres away from where most of the Asian Games activity was happening, the dressage team added a piece of history to India's campaign, catching most unawares.India's third gold medal of the Games so far is honestly the most unexpected one, which is one of the many reasons why it warmed hearts the most.Asian Games Breaking: India win historic gold in Equestrian Team eventFrom being unfamiliar figures among the Indian contingent, Divyakriti Singh, Hriday Chheda, Anush Agarwalla and Sudipti Hajela became the names flashing on news channels, followed by a scamper for information about the medallists, their background stories, contact numbers and what not.It is the first time in 41 years that the Indian National Anthem played at an equestrian arena at the Asian Games. Simple and apparent, but how beautifully heartwarming is that for a fact.It last happened in 1982, when India topped the equestrian podiums in not one but three events - -individual eventing, team eventing and individual tent pegging.41, for that matter, is a figure resting in very recent Indian memory. In Tokyo two years ago, the men's hockey team returned to the Olympic podium after 41 years.This gold in equestrian is nothing less, even if we know that Olympics is a different field and level altogether on horseback."India has won gold, not us," said Anush to express the collective feeling of the quartet. Sudipti's points were not among the top three that are considered in the cumulative total to decide the final rankings. But it didn't diminish the camaraderie within the group, with all four wearing gold medals around their neck.For the record, Anush top-scored with 71.088, followed by Hriday 69.941 and Divyakriti 68.176 for a total of 209.205. Sudipti's total points read 66.706. But it won't be a complete description without the mention of Chinski, Adrenalin Firfod, Chemxpro Emerald and Etro. What is a rider without the horse!China won silver and the bronze medal went to Hong Kong.Starting early, owning horses, training in Europe or America are some of the common refrains found in conversation with most successful riders. It's nothing different with this quartet, and, in fact, it is what the sport demands. But a bitter truth also is that in a country like India, such demands will ensure that it doesn't become a common man's sport.Only the Madhya Pradesh State Equestrian Academy in Bhopal flashes in mind among the recent infrastructure of note developed in the sport and made available to those who earlier always considered it to be a sport out of bounds.Every medal inspires, so will the equestrian gold, but the truth also is that the sport calls for accessibility.Sudipti, who used to train at the academy in Bhopal, couldn't agree more."I think it requires a lot of outside help also, not just your own finances. Personally, my parents support me a lot, and so does the Madhya Pradesh government. But I don't think it's something very easy for one to get a horse and then take care of it, especially (stabling) in a foreign country."So it is very difficult to (make the sport) accessible to everyone, it requires a lot of help."On top of that is the controversy that the Equestrian Federation of India rides like the horse's back, especially every time an important international event is around.But today, that can be left for discussion on another day.This gold medal calls for a long celebration.
Date: Sep 26, 2023, 20:26 IST

Article 4:
Title: BJP leader Sambit Patra: ‘Congress is working hand in glove with Naxalites’
Content: Content not found
Date: Date not found

Article 6:
Title: Breaking news live updates: Women's reservation bill is `Modi's guarantee', says PM in Ahmedabad
Content: Content not found
Date: Date not found

Article 8:
Title: Russia still relies on Europe to ship its oil despite price cap breach
Content: Russia is still relying on European shipping to transport its oil even as the country’s supplies exceed Group-of-Seven price caps, according to a researcher.Roughly two-thirds of Russian crude and petroleum products is being transported by vessels insured or owned in nations implementing price caps imposed by the G7 and its allies, the Helsinki-based Centre for Research on Energy and Clean Air said. That shows Moscow is still heavily using the European shipping industry, it said.The cap was designed to keep enough oil flowing to the world while crimping the Kremlin’s revenue. But as well as still using Western vessels, Russia has assembled a so-called shadow fleet of tankers operating outside jurisdictions of countries imposing sanctions. They tend to carry oil over shorter distances where the same amount of capacity can move more supply, the CREA said.“More than by the use of ‘shadow’ tankers, the impact of the oil price cap has been undermined by a failure of the participating governments to fully enforce the price cap and punish violators,” Isaac Levi, the CREA’s team lead for Europe-Russia policy and energy analysis, said in a statement Tuesday.The G7 and its allies imposed a cap on Russia’s crude oil exports in December and on refined fuels like gasoline and diesel in February. Russian crude has been trading above the price cap of $60 a barrel since mid-July. Some of the country’s supply sold in Asia has started fetching a premium to benchmarks, and with Brent crude trading near $95 certain Russian grades are trading closer to $100 than $60. Russian crude can exceed the cap if no Western services are involved.About three-quarters of all shadow fleet trips were dedicated to transporting Russian crude, the CREA said.
Date: Sep 26, 2023, 19:48 IST

Article 9:
Title: Don't tell women what to wear, UN says after France bans hijab at Olympics
Content: GENEVA: The UN stressed on Tuesday it was opposed to most dress codes for women, after France barred its Olympic athletes from wearing the Muslim hijab during the 2024 Paris Games."No-one should impose on a woman what she needs to wear or not wear," United Nations rights office spokeswoman Marta Hurtado told reporters in Geneva.Hurtado's comment came after the French sports minister said the country's athletes would be barred from wearing headscarves during the Games, in line with the country's strict rules on secularism.French Sports Minister Amelie Oudea-Castera repeated on Sunday that the government was opposed to any display of religious symbols during sporting events."What does that mean? That means a ban on any type of proselytising. That means absolute neutrality in public services," she told France 3 television."The France team will not wear the headscarf."Hurtado did not address France's stance directly.But she stressed that the international Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination Against Women ruled out discriminatory practices."Any state party to the convention -- in this case France -- has an obligation to ... modify social or cultural patterns which are based on the idea of the inferiority or superiority of either sexes," Hurtado said."Discriminatory practices against a group can have harmful consequences," she pointed out."That is why ... restrictions on expressions of religions or beliefs, such as attire choices, are only acceptable under really specific circumstances," she explained.That, she said, meant circumstances "that address legitimate concerns of public safety, public order, or public health or morals in a necessary and proportionate fashion".In France, the issue of religious dress goes to the heart of the country's strict rules on secularism.These are intended to keep the state neutral in religious matters, while guaranteeing citizens the right to freely practice their religion.France's laws prohibit the wearing of "ostentatious" religious symbols in some contexts, such as in state schools and by civil servants.It outlawed full-face coverings in 2010.In June, France's Council of State upheld a ban on women footballers wearing the hijab.
Date: Sep 26, 2023, 17:58 IST

Article 10:
Title: Asian Games 2023 Highlights: India win first equestrian gold medal in 41 years
Content: Content not found
Date: Date not found

Article 11:
Title: Lawrence Bishnoi vs Davinder Bambiha: A college rivalry leaves two nations in a diplomatic row
Content: NEW DELHI: When one thinks of student politics, JNU or DU often come to mind. Who'd have thought that a bid to control the Students Organisation of Panjab University (SOPU), a students’ outfit, would start a trail of killings that has now culminated in strained relations between India and Canada.Last week, when the relationship between the two countries had reached a flashpoint, armed gunmen barged into a second floor flat in Winnipeg, Canada, and shot gangster Sukha Duneke nine times in the head.Read AlsoCanada a haven for gangsters Goldy Brar, Arsh Dalla & LandaNot just terrorists, several dreaded gangsters, including Satinderjit Singh alias Goldy Brar, Arshdeep Singh alias Arsh Dalla and Lakhbir Singh Sandhu alias Landa, have been operating against India from the Canadian soil. On Punjab police's request, Interpol has already issued a red corner noticeSecurity footage shows six men involved in Nijjar’s killingWitnesses and security camera footage viewed by the Washington Post reveal a more complex operation to kill Hardeep Singh Nijjar than authorities have previously described‘US intel gave context that helped Canada link India to Hardeep Singh Nijjar case’: ReportUnnamed officials have revealed that the US played a crucial role in Canada's allegation that the Indian government was involved in the killing of pro-Khalistan terrorist Hardeep Singh Nijjar. US intelligence agencies provided Canada with context that helped them conclude India's involvement,Before killing him, the shooters, allegedly sent by jailed gangster Lawrence Bishnoi, confronted Duneke with the murder of Gurlal Brar, former state president of SOPU.Sources said the murder of Brar, younger brother of Goldy Brar, another wanted fugitive who was until recently holed up in Canada, in 2020 exacerbated the ongoing feud between the Davinder Bambiha and Lawrence Bishnoi factions, precipitating a series of murders in Punjab, Haryana, Chandigarh and Delhi-NCR.Bishnoi’s candidate had contested and narrowly lost the poll for president of Panjab University Students Union, triggering a chain of killings and hits which resulted in formation of syndicates engaged in murder and extortion and a gang war which is now playing out in Canada as well.Given the number of gangsters and hitmen from both syndicates fleeing to Canada, already a safe haven for Khalistani terrorists, the country is an extension of the war zone so far limited to Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan and the NCR region.Amid India-Canada row, Lawrence Bishnoi, who threatened Salman Khan, claims responsibility for killing Khalistani terrorist Sukhdool SinghThe prevalence of gang-related murders involving individuals with ties to Punjab has become rampant in Canada. In most cases, the characters involved, whether as suspects or victims, are found to have affiliations with either the Bambiha or Bishnoi syndicates.Bishnoi had joined student politics during his stint in DAV College in Chandigarh in 2010. In 2011, he was announced the SOPU president of the college in the presence of Akali Dal leader Vikramjit Singh alias Vicky Middukhera. In fact, the video of his felicitation is among the scant representation of Bishnoi’s life before he became a gangster.However, a spate of violent scuffles that followed the college elections led Bishnoi to seek support of gangsters Jaggu Bhagwanpuria and Rocky Fazilka. The association proved to be a turning point not only in Bishnoi’s life but also for student politics in Panjab University. Between 2010 and 2017, Bishnoi found himself accused in around three dozen cases in Chandigarh and elsewhere in Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan.With the rising criminal credits, the game got bigger as Bishnoi established himself in the world of crime while attempting to retain his legacy in college politics. His close friend, Sampat Nahra, became the president of SOPU after him and has remained his closest aide till now.Bishnoi later worked closely with Gurlal Brar in student politics and it was because of the former’s support that Brar was elected state president of SOPU in 2016. However, these victories also intensified Bishnoi’s rivalry with the Bambiha syndicate.A year later, a 25-year-old henchman of the Bambiha group, Lavi Deora, was bumped off by the Bishnoi syndicate in Faridkot. Three years later, the Bambiha gang got hold of Gurlal Brar outside a nightclub in Chandigarh and killed him.After Brar’s murder, the Bambiha gang targeted Bishnoi’s close associate Vicky Middukhera, who was shot dead in Mohali in 2021. Bishnoi and his syndicate vowed revenge and announced to kill anyone associated with the killings.Among the spate of murders reported in this gang war was the killing of Punjabi singer Sidhu Moosewala, himself an unabashed admirer of Bhindranwale, who got caught in the crossfire as his secretary Shaganpreet allegedly connived with Bambiha’s gang in the killings of Brar and Middukhera.Last week’s killing in Winnipeg marked three years of Brar’s murder. The gang war is still hot and intelligence agencies suspect a number of killings will follow both in Canada and India as neither group seems ready to concede defeat.Watch “Two wrongs cannot make one right”: AAP MP Vikramjit Singh Sahney on India-Canada row
Date: Updated: Sep 26, 2023, 14:47 IST

Article 12:
Title: Next pandemic is already on the way, could claim millions of lives, warns expert
Content: Global health experts are sounding the alarm about an upcoming threat of the next major pandemic that could claim millions of lives, Daily Mail reported.Although the precise nature of this pandemic remains uncertain, global health authorities assert that its emergence is not a mere possibility but a likely occurrence. Referred to as 'Disease X' by the World Health Organization, experts believe that the lack of adequate preparedness both in Britain and within the international community to tackle this looming threat is concerning.Read AlsoWe must be ready to prevent, prepare & respond to next health emergency: PM Modi at G20 Health Ministers' meetAddressing the G20 Health Ministers' meeting in Gujarat virtually, PM Modi called upon everyone to be ready to prevent, prepare and respond to the next health emergency. "We must be ready to prevent, prepare and respond to the next health emergency. This is especially important in today'sDo you think governments are better prepared for the next pandemic?...Watch Bill Gates' replyIn an interview to Daily Mail, Kate Bingham, who chaired the UK's Vaccine Taskforce between May and December in 2020, said the world shouldn't be too comfortable just because Covid is now "largely regarded as a routine illness".The report stated that the creation and distribution of vaccines will once more be essential to battle 'Disease X'."Let me put it this way: the 1918–19 flu pandemic killed at least 50 million people worldwide, twice as many as were killed in World War I. Today, we could expect a similar death toll from one of the many viruses that already exist. Today, there are more viruses busily replicating and mutating than all the other life forms on our planet combined. Not all of them pose a threat to humans, of course - but plenty do," Bingham told Daily Mail."In a sense, we got lucky with Covid-19, despite the fact that it caused 20 million or more deaths across the world. The point is that the vast majority of people infected with the virus managed to recover. Imagine Disease X is as infectious as measles with the fatality rate of Ebola [67%]. Somewhere in the world, it’s replicating, and sooner or later, somebody will start feeling sick," she added.Kate explained that the increase in pandemics cannot be attributed solely to a stroke of unfortunate chance. She emphasized that factors such as globalization, urban overpopulation, and deforestation have collectively created the "ideal conditions" for viruses to leap across species boundaries.She also highlighted the importance of scientists developing a range of "different prototype vaccines for every threatening virus family" that is currently known, ahead of the onset of the next pandemic.
Date: Updated: Sep 26, 2023, 18:12 IST

Article 13:
Title: MCOCA accused shot dead
Content: Nagpur: Nayeem Shaikh, an accused under Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA), was gunned down by a rival gang near Govarwahi railway phata at Tumsar in Bhandara on Monday. Police said Santosh Dahat and his gang from Nagpur were behind the killing. Dahat is still at large. Shaikh and three others were returning in a car from Balaghat in MP when he was shot from close range. The assailants then stabbed him to make sure he was dead. Three of Shaikh’s aides fled the spot. Police said the two gangs were fighting over control of illegal sand trade in the area. Three held for ATM theftThe local crime branch of Nagpur rural police chased three members of an inter-state gang for 800 kms before nabbing them with ₹40 lakh stolen in two ATM thefts in the city recently. tnn We also published the following articles recentlyCops nab forgery expert of interstate vehicle theft gangA member of an interstate gang of vehicle thieves, Ibrahim Patel, has been arrested by the local crime branch in Chhatrapati Sambhajinagar. Patel is accused of forging important details of stolen vehicles before selling them. The vehicles, including excavators, tractors, SUVs, and bikes worth Rs 1.1 crore, were stolen from different states. The arrested accused confessed to his involvement in the criminal activities. The police are also investigating whether officials from the regional transport office were involved. Further investigation is underway.Gang targets 2 ATMs, decamps with 40 lakhAn inter-state gang targeted two ATM kiosks in Nagpur and stole a total of Rs 40 lakh. The gang first broke into an ATM near Dongargaon and took away Rs 24 lakh. They then headed to Buti Bori and stole Rs 15 lakh from another ATM. The gang covered their faces and disabled the CCTV cameras to avoid detection. The police are investigating the incidents.Mobile theft gang busted, 3 heldDelhi Police has arrested three men and recovered 112 high-end mobile phones, worth over Rs 25 lakh, in relation to an international mobile theft syndicate. The accused were identified as Akhil Ahmad, Nawab Sharif, and Sabir Sardar. The police received intelligence about the gang's activities and conducted a surveillance operation, leading to the recovery of the stolen phones. The investigation revealed that the phones were being sent to Bangladesh for sale via Kolkata, with an estimated worth of Rs 4.5 crore since 2022.
Date: Sep 26, 2023, 08:26 IST

